Allow file existance checks to be toggled when loading files, mroe configuration defaults (#62)
fsi-open/files: doc/extensions.md

# Extending Files

Here you will find information on how you can tune the behaviour of certain parts
of the library.

> ## Disabling file existance checks in the FileManager during file loading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disabling file existance checks in the FileManager during entities' hydration
```

Author: You can load a file without hydrating an entity.

Although in the majority of cases you will want the `FileManager` to check if
the loaded files actually exist in their defined filesystems, there may be cases
where that is unnecessary. For example: generating a financial report using entities
that also have invoice scans that are irrelevant to the report itself. In this
case the file checks not only slow down the process significantly, but can break
it altogether if for any reason a file has gone missing.

In order to disable these checks, you can use the `FSi\Component\Files\FileManagerConfigurator\FileExistanceChecksConfigurator`

> interface. Just check if the implementation of the `FileManager` that you are using

Reviewer: please add a service alias `FSi\Component\Files\FileManagerConfigurator\FileExistanceChecksConfigurator` on the current `FileManager` implementation and advice / encourage user to use the new "service" for changing configuration rather than checking if `FileManager` implements the new interface

> interface. If you are using Symfony, you can create a service alias for that interface

Reviewer: please create this alias in this bundle to improve DX
